Update and extend lazer mod articles (#14794)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Target_Practice_(lazer)/en.md

**Note:** For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))
:::

> The **Target Practice** mod removes all [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) from a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) and replaces them with "targets", which are [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) placed once every [full beat](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat). It also removes the [approach circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Approach_circle), cuts the [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap/Approach_rate) in half and causes the circles to [grow](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Grow) and increase in brightness as they appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Target Practice** mod removes all [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) from a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) and replaces them with targets, which are [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) placed once every [full beat](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat). It also removes the [approach circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Approach_circle), cuts the [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap/Approach_rate) in half and causes the circles to [grow](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Grow) and increase in brightness as they appear.
```
well, they are targets all right, no need for quotes

Author: The reason I added the quotes is that in stable [they actually look like targets](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Target_Practice#targets), while in lazer they're just hit circles.

Reviewer: oh, makes sense then

> The goal is to hit *all* these targets. Thus, missing one of them already causes the player to fail, unless [No Fail (NF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail_(lazer)) is enabled. This is why Target Practice is incompatible with [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death_(lazer)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is to hit all the targets, and missing one of them already causes the player to fail, unless [No Fail (NF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail_(lazer)) is enabled. As a result, Target Practice is incompatible with [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death_(lazer)).
```

## Customisation

![Target Practice customisation options in the game client](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/TP.png)

- **Seed** (0–2147483647 or blank, default: blank): Which seed to use. When left blank, a random seed will be used.
- **Metronome ticks** (default: enabled): Whether a metronome beat should play in the background.

## Trivia

- When using Target Practice in combination with [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy_(lazer)), the extra lives are taken into account, allowing the player to miss a few times before failing.

> - Using [Hidden (HD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden_(lazer)) with **Only fade approach circles** enabled has no effect while playing with Target Practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using [Hidden (HD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden_(lazer)) with `Only fade approach circles` enabled has no effect while playing with Target Practice.
```

Reviewer: this also brings me to the realization that all settings' names (NOT the mod names) referenced in articles in this PR inside and outside of the customisation sections should be wrapped in backticks instead of being bold, as this is the standard formatting for interface elements: https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/ASCF#button-and-menu-text

(could and probably should be made in a separate commit for ease of applying the review)

Author: Done. Should I also use backticks for "subsettings", i.e. items in dropdown lists? (Applies to AC, AD, BR, CO, MR.)

Reviewer: yeah

> - When using Target Practice in combination [Muted (MU)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Muted), the **Metronome ticks** setting has no effect. Instead, the **Enabled metronome ticks** settings of the Muted mod determines whether the metronome is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using Target Practice in combination [Muted (MU)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Muted), the `Metronome ticks` setting has no effect. Instead, the `Enabled metronome ticks` settings of the Muted mod determines whether the metronome is active.
```
